add docs and example for role binding resource (#170)
lightstep/terraform-provider-lightstep: docs/resources/user_role_binding.md

  * Project Editor
  * Project Viewer
  Changes to both Organization level roles and Project level roles for the same user can cause race conditions,
  in that case, we suggest these changes be made in two steps.
  * When lowering a user's Organization level role and upping their Project level Role, first change their organization role.
  * When upping a user's Organization level role and removing or lowering their Project level Role, first change their project role.
---

# lightstep_user_role_binding (Resource)

Provides a [Lightstep Role Binding](https://api-docs.lightstep.com/reference/RoleBinding). This can be used to manage User's Organization level roles and Project level roles.

A role binding can target either the Organization level roles or a Project role for a specific project. Users can't be assigned to a more restrictive Project role than their Organization level role. 

**NOTE**: this terraform resource is authoritative, users that are not declared in a terraform resource will lose the declared role in the specified organization/project.

The list of valid roles for Organization level role bindings are:
* Organization Admin
* Organization Editor
* Organization Viewer

> 

Author: Yup, nice catch!

The list of valid roles for Project level role bindings are:
* Project Editor
* Project Viewer

> Changes to both Organization level roles and Project level roles for the same user can cause race conditions, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to both organization- and project-level roles for the same user can cause race conditions.
```
Nit: capitalization stuff

> in that case, we suggest these changes be made in two steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest these changes be made in two steps. 
```

> * When lowering a user's Organization level role and upping their Project level Role, first change their organization role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When lowering a user's organization-level role and upping their project-level role, first change their organization role.
```

> * When upping a user's Organization level role and removing or lowering their Project level Role, first change their project role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When upping a user's organization-level role and removing or lowering their project-level role, first change their project role.
```
Grammar nit: capitalization and hyphens

> ## Example Usage

Reviewer: Examples are lovely!

```terraform

> # The following example shows how to configure two users with the "Organization Restricted Member" and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The following example configures two users with the "Organization Restricted Member" role.
```
Simplifies and adds the missing _role_ word

> # override their permissions in "Project A", one with the "Project Editor" role and the other with the "Project Viewer" role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# It also overrides their permissions in "Project A", one with the "Project Editor" role and the other with the "Project Viewer" role.
```
Nit: Splits the sentences to lower the reading level because people skim
